I'm grateful to King APM
for working tirelessly
to visit such an왔
theworld.
Playing this very role
and telling you all about the future of Tewai,
I'm entirely grateful to your structures
as a symbol of culture and natural punch.
We simply cannot before organise the opening gala
as the principal
In the midst of the chaos, in the actual battle and actions,
for the sake of China, he was a true patriot.
He loved Japan despite the fact that he loved China.
Therefore, he had the right to love the whole of the East.
The East was against the King as the ruler of the Republic of China.
Everything was Lap It and he needs his personal status,
For preventing meetings with shortened
we should think that we can keep going.
Tsukino Haytensei strongly believed in the quote.
The king of Japan strongly believed that
we must be end down with to Japanese people even though
we love moon Lord Hideyoshi.
This interpretation is the basis of the great Asianism of Mr. Tonbun Ko.
It also reflects the ideals and principles of Japan in the construction of the Tohwa Shintzuji.
We, as the parents of the same-sex Japan,
are determined to respected Mr. Ko'sworthiness,
and aim to youth réussit, which will demand full effort from the administrative office.
People's alcanzation andxi poetry
Translated by Releska